now I can do one more trick but it's
pretty creepy you guys want to see
something fucking creepy yeah man I
think this is a sword I've started I
education hi uh it's my pleasure to
fucking announced and we've got some
special guests in the house you guys
never fucking listen to the bone with
Lamont and I was over there at the bone
and I move on those guys are fucking
hilarious man house there's my pleasure
dirty driving I'll talk to their
knowledge like dude that fucking prick
caution is amazing dude fuck what did
you record that my told me that they do
that shit live on the radio fucking lot
yeah man that's bigger balls my god man
a lot funny motherfucker
so I had the same I'm like okay guys
fuck man y'all want to set my head on
fire you step my fucking head on fire
whoo and I need someone fucking to spit
a mouthful alcohol my head when it's on
fire no see you can fire burning torch
so baby Huey from the fucking Lamaze
he's having fun to try this shit and it
pains me to admit that what you're about
to see is going to be our rehearsal
talking to your fire extinguisher she
pretty reason stop drop and roll hit me
with that
yeah fill that up really good friend
that nice looks great ok so now assuming
that everything works out this just
turned into a total disaster you know
what you guys might want to make it
clear that one just find another spot
over we'll start way back here you
should be fine ok steaming this goes all
right as soon as I put my head out soon
up put my head out I insist on taking a
picture with every last one of you guys
that want one man
what an intro so what we're going to do
is we're going to go right out this back
exit door we're going to fucking make
line please know how your fuckin camera
works that's all I ask come I take
pictures of everybody who wants one man
and I think that's about it
Oh